README.md, before:

**Nerien's Ovale Scripts** installs a new set of default class scripts for users of [Ovale Spell Priority](http://www.curse.com/addons/wow/ovale).  These scripts are based on [SimulationCraft](http://code.google.com/p/simulationcraft/) and are meant to be used in live raiding scenarios where the player must make the important choices in the rotation.  Each script creates at least two primary icons:

- **Main Rotation Icon**: shows how to maximize DPS without the use of any cooldown abilities
- **Cooldown Icon**: suggests cooldowns or other situational abilities that can be applied at the current time

Each class script may also have additional icons for other class-specific information, e.g., to suggest dumping rage using [Heroic Strike](http://www.wowhead.com/spell=78) as a warrior or [Maul](http://www.wowhead.com/spell=6807) as a bear druid.

### How to Use ###

Simply install Nerien's Ovale Scripts like any other addon.  This addon works by adjusting in-game what Ovale thinks are the default class scripts, so there is no additional configuration.

If you have a custom script pasted into the code window, then run **/ovale-restore** in the chat window to use the default scripts again.  This command should be run for each toon that has a custom script.

- Death Knight: Blood, Frost, Unholy
- Druid: _Balance_, **Feral**, _Restoration_
- Hunter: Beast Mastery, Marksmanship, Survival
- Mage: **Arcane**, **Fire**, **Frost**
- Paladin: **Holy**, **Protection**, Retribution
- Priest: Discipline, Holy, **Shadow**
- Rogue: Assassination, **Combat**, **Subtlety**
- Shaman: **Elemental**, **Enhancement**, **Restoration**
- Warlock: **Affliction**, Demonology, **Destruction**
- Warrior: Arms, **Fury**, **Protection**

Commit message:

Remove unimplemented specs from the status matrix.

README.md, after:

**Nerien's Ovale Scripts** installs a new set of default class scripts for users of [Ovale Spell Priority](http://www.curse.com/addons/wow/ovale).  These scripts are based on [SimulationCraft](http://code.google.com/p/simulationcraft/) and are meant to be used in live raiding scenarios where the player must make the important choices in the rotation.  Each script creates at least two primary icons:

- **Main Rotation Icon**: shows how to maximize DPS without the use of any cooldown abilities
- **Cooldown Icon**: suggests cooldowns or other situational abilities that can be applied at the current time

Each class script may also have additional icons for other class-specific information, e.g., to suggest dumping rage using [Heroic Strike](http://www.wowhead.com/spell=78) as a warrior or [Maul](http://www.wowhead.com/spell=6807) as a bear druid.

### How to Use ###

Simply install Nerien's Ovale Scripts like any other addon.  This addon works by adjusting in-game what Ovale thinks are the default class scripts, so there is no additional configuration.

If you have a custom script pasted into the code window, then run **/ovale-restore** in the chat window to use the default scripts again.  This command should be run for each toon that has a custom script.

### Status ###

The script for each specialization of each class is marked as either Experimental or **Tested** in a raid environment.  If a class specialization is not listed, then it has not yet been implemented.

- Death Knight: Blood, Frost, Unholy
- Druid: **Feral**
- Hunter: Beast Mastery, Marksmanship, Survival
- Mage: **Arcane**, **Fire**, **Frost**
- Paladin: **Holy**, **Protection**, Retribution
- Priest: Discipline, Holy, Shadow
- Rogue: Assassination, **Combat**, **Subtlety**
- Shaman: **Elemental**, **Enhancement**, **Restoration**
- Warlock: **Affliction**, Demonology, **Destruction**
- Warrior: Arms, **Fury**, **Protection**
